I recently put out a video about how
Apple was really late in updating their
MacBook lineup they were still running
the seventh gen CPUs it was bothering me
and then a few days later they came out
with the 8th gen CPUs on their Mac books
and that's what we have you're an i-9
and an i7 I purchased the i9 the i7 is
my colleagues this is a device that is
very expensive not unexpectedly so it is
an apple product I'm used to paying
their premiums but it is an expensive
product now a lot of people are looking
at this thing with like the $10,000
price tag it's become a meme I'm sure at
this point if you focus on the storage
and you crank this thing up with 4
terabytes then yeah the price tag is
absolutely insane but the regular
configurations are expensive but just
they're not unexpectedly so ok I'm gonna
start off this video with what the big
change for this year is the CPU the i9
in particular is a very powerful CPU
when it comes to multi-core applications
this thing's a beast the problem though
is that this chassis the MacBook Pro
cannot cool the i9 properly when you
look at renders and I'm using Adobe
Premiere after a few seconds we're
starting to see some very serious
throttling on a properly cool device
that spiky line for the clock frequency
would be much flatter and would be a
higher clock speed so here's a Windows
laptop the temperatures are a little bit
lower and it runs at a higher frequency
this I 9 in this macbook can't even
maintain the base clock speed forget
about turbos and all that stuff it can't
even maintain the 2.9 gigahertz base
clock which is absurd this CPU is an
unlocked overclockable chip but all of
that CPU potential is wasted inside this
chassis or more the thermal solution
that's inside here if you look at the
render times it's really pronounced the
MacBook is gonna inherently be slower
that's normal Adobe Premiere isn't as
well optimized for mac OS as it is for
Windows but that has nothing to do with
Apple the 2018 MacBook with the i-9 is
way slower than it should be and when I
ran the same render with the i9 in the
freezer look at the difference in render
time it's crazy
power throttling and thermal throttling
isn't anything new we've seen in Mac
books for years and we've seen it in
lots of devices including Windows
devices but like this degree of thermal
throttling is it's not acceptable this
is something that Apple shouldn't put
out on the market and just blindly sell
to people because a lot of people that
purchase this do
we'll never know that their laptop is
throttling to this degree
I value multi-core performance because a
lot of the apps that I use for work and
the apps that I used to make youtube
videos are they benefit from high core
count and from high clock speeds and
when you have throttling like this it
just doesn't make sense see a lot of
professionals are looking at these
laptops as an option like they're
looking at the i9 or maybe the i7 like
hmm maybe I'll get this maybe you know
partially because of the brand partially
because you know they have a track
record of making professional hardware
but this type of thermal throttling
really affects the end-user and doesn't
matter what you're using it for like if
your final cut user or adobe premiere or
if you're using it for software
development or calculations like fluid
dynamics it doesn't matter what you're
doing with your device if you have any
kind of like extended computational work
that use of the CPU and that's probably
why you're looking at these devices in
the first place it's gonna throttle and
that's unacceptable to me because when
you have options like 32 gigs of ram and
up to 4 terabytes of super fast storage
that's not consumer-grade hardware
that's some really high level stuff that
professionals are looking at and they
also need CPUs that don't throttle or at
least don't throttle to this degree ok
enough about the CPUs the GPUs they've
included are a small upgrade from the
previous generation they're calling them
the Radeon Pro 5 60 X it's still based
on Polaris like the Radeon Pro 460 and
the 560 but clocked a little bit faster
in short native gaming on the MacBook
Pro still isn't great you'll have to run
boot camp or run an external GPU the
native fortnight client runs ok on this
you can hit 60 frames per second if you
lower the graphics quality a little bit
but the frame rates can get a little bit
spiky alright so other features they
have this year the screen has been
updated to a true tone display so it
uses ambient sensors to kind of see what
your surrounding color temperature is
like and it'll adjust the temperature on
the screen to make it easier on your
eyes it's not like a game-changing
feature but it is nice to have other
changes the keyboard so this is now the
third generation of the butterfly
switches it's not for everyone but like
most keyboards I think you can get used
to it if you type on it for long enough
there's now a membrane like a silicon
membrane underneath each key and I think
it something that's gonna help with the
durability issues that the butterfly
switches have had over the past couple
of years I don't think it changes the
typing experience very much like people
are saying that it's quieter like it is
but it's barely noticeable to me so if
you didn't like the keyboard from the
previous generation you probably won't
like this one either now inside the
internals haven't changed very much it
now runs up to 32 gigs of ram and this
is ddr4 ram so it's a little bit more
power-hungry and to compensate for that
they're actually using bigger batteries
slightly bigger but it is bigger but
battery life feels unchanged I'm getting
the same 8 hours from this device
compared to the previous generation so I
think it's seriously just to compensate
for the higher voltage memory the drive
is crazy fast it's literally the fastest
drive I've seen in a laptop today it's
really impressive but the overall
product like the 15-inch 2018 MacBook
Pro my overall thoughts on it are that
I'm disappointed if it weren't for the
thermal issues this would be my laptop
of choice I don't mind the performance
hit when I switch over to Mac OS like I
just prefer that ecosystem I like the
way that the hardware looks I like Mac
OS I enjoy Apple products but this year
the thermal throttling is just a little
bit too severe see if they're gonna use
the whole like MacBook Pro thing it
shouldn't just be a product that you
know let's charge the most amount of
money we can because it's a pro product
like it should be built around the needs
of professionals and I don't think it is
ok hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs if you liked it subs we left it
see you guys next time